So Moussa said salam to him, so he responded to him for a call, and he responded to him by saying, how do you people say salam where you come from? You just say salam, you don't introduce yourselves. So the man kind of goes a little bit aggressive and said, this is it, this is all the salam you guys do, where you come from? I notice he doesn't say what I am saying, It says, though, Musa alayhi salam is already grabbed the fatta and said, let me do the talking. And now he's getting put in his place a little bit. Qala anamusah. I said, oh, okay, I got what you're saying. I'm Musa. Salam alayhi ko, I'm Musa. I'll introduce myself properly. Qala Musa alayhi salam. Musa from the children of Israel. Musa alayhi salam. Qala Musa alayhi salam. Okay. Typically a proper name is not used as a modaf, right? But you know in old English, I am David of Camelot or something. You know, so they use of instead of from, like nowadays you say, I'm Mike from Chicago, like, you know, you don't have William of Dallas, like, you know, you don't do that, you say from, but in old Arabic and old languages, you use a lot of of, right? So Musa of Bani Israel, I came to you so you could teach me from what you've been taught in terms of uprightness and guidance. He said, I am committed and I have committed to knowledge from within the knowledge of Allah that Allah has taught me that you don't know. Allah has taught me that you don't know. And you are committed to knowledge, some knowledge, from within the oceans of knowledge of Allah. Allah has taught you that he hasn't taught me. I don't know it. Which means Allah has given you Torah, Allah has given you Revelation. I haven't received that revelation. But Allah has taught me some other things that you never learned. So he says, can I follow you? You're not certainly not going to be capable of patience with me. Okay, so how can you be patient over something you haven't encompassed? You don't have full news of. In other words, I was telling you before, his assessment of Musa Ali Salam is that he cannot be patient over partial information. Okay. Which goes back to actually one of the earlier incidents in the life of Musa Ali Salam too. All the information isn't there, and he became upset at the Israelite being attacked by the 50, right? And he took action and he wasn't able to bear just standing there and watching, right? Any help? So the narrator says from here, he recited all of that. The prophet recited all of those ayahs in this place. They move forward, walking along the coast of the sea, so a ship passed by them. They called out to them and spoke to them. They recognized Khadr. This is the first time we are hearing his name. So they recognized Khadr. So they let him board on without any fare.
