Assalamu Alaikum wa Rahmatullahi wa Barakatuh brothers and sisters.

Today we will discuss some important verses from the Quran and hadith of the Prophet sallallahu alayhi wasallam.

First, let us remember the famous Ayatul Kursi. Allah subhanahu wa ta'ala says: "Allahu la ilaha illa huwa, al hayyul qayyum" - Allah, there is no deity worthy of worship except Him, the Ever-Living, the Sustainer of existence. This is from Surah Baqarah, ayah 255.

The Prophet peace be upon him said in a hadith narrated by Umar ibn al-Khattab: "Innamal a'malu binniyyat" - actions are but by intentions, and every person will have what they intended. This is found in Sahih Bukhari.

And we know from Surah Al-Fatiha, the opening chapter: "Alhamdulillahi rabbil alameen, ar-rahmanir raheem, maliki yawmideen" - All praise is due to Allah, Lord of the worlds, the Most Merciful, the especially Merciful, Master of the Day of Judgment.

In another hadith from Muslim, the Prophet salla Allahu alayhi wa sallam said: "La yu'minu ahadukum hatta yuhibba li akhihi ma yuhibbu linafsihi" - None of you truly believes until he loves for his brother what he loves for himself.

Remember the verse from Surat Al-Ikhlas: "Qul huwa Allahu ahad, Allahu samad, lam yalid wa lam yulad, wa lam yakun lahu kufuwan ahad" - Say He is Allah, the One, Allah the Eternal, He neither begets nor is born, and there is nothing comparable to Him.

The Prophet alayhi salatu wasalam also taught us: "Addeen an-naseeha" - Religion is sincerity, as reported in Sahih Muslim by Tamim ad-Dari.

And from Surah Asr, Allah tells us: "Wal asr, innal insana lafi khusr, illalladhina amanu wa amilus salihat" - By time, indeed mankind is in loss, except those who believe and do righteous deeds.

Finally, remember what the Prophet said about the five pillars: "Buniya al-Islam ala khams: shahadati an la ilaha illallah wa anna Muhammadan rasulullah, wa iqamis salat, wa ita'iz zakat, wal hajj, wa sawmi ramadan" - Islam is built on five pillars: testimony that there is no god but Allah and Muhammad is His messenger, establishing prayer, paying zakat, pilgrimage, and fasting Ramadan.

May Allah guide us all to understand and implement these teachings. Ameen.

Jazakum Allahu Khairan.
